docs: Add guide for cluster with Docker Hub (#14)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: setup/cluster/README.md

> # Connaisseur with existing Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: this guide could go into `setup/README.md`

## Requirements

We assume you have a running Kubernetes cluster already. Since this tutorial works with the CLI, we furthermore assume you have the `docker`, `git`, `helm`, `kubectl`, `make` binaries installed and usable, i.e. having run `docker login` and having switched to the appropriate `kubectl` context.

> This tutorial was tested on a machine running Ubuntu 20.04. It worked an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster, an Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) cluster based on EC2 instances and with a local minikube cluster.

## Starting and testing a deployment of Connaisseur

### 1. Set up environment

First off, we'll export the variables used in this tutorial to allow you to immediately use your own names/URLs instead of relying on our default names. Below, substitute your own values as appropriate:

```bash
REGISTRY_URL=docker.io
REPOSITORY_NAME=testingconny
IMAGE_NAME=testimage

> IMAGE_PATH=$(echo ${REGISTRY_URL}/${REPOSITORY_NAME}/${IMAGE_NAME})

Reviewer: I think you only ever use the `IMAGE_PATH` and thus I would only set that. Otherwise, it makes it seem overly complicated. Maybe make a comment to show a sample entry.

NOTARY_URL=notary.docker.io
NOTARY_USER=<YOUR-NOTARY-USERNAME/DOCKER-HUB-ID>
NOTARY_PASSWORD=<YOUR-NOTARY-PASSWORD>

git clone https://github.com/sse-secure-systems/connaisseur.git
cd connaisseur
```

### 2. (Optional) Prepare test images

Go ahead and build both an unsigned and a signed image:

```bash
cd setup
docker build -f Dockerfile.unsigned -t ${IMAGE_PATH}:unsigned .
docker push ${IMAGE_PATH}:unsigned
docker build -f Dockerfile.signed -t ${IMAGE_PATH}:signed .
DOCKER_CONTENT_TRUST=1 docker push ${IMAGE_PATH}:signed
cd -
```

During the second push, you will be asked to create a root key password and a repository key password (unless you already signed images or pushed signed images to the repository, respectively).

> 

Author: > If you did not do step 2, you will need to enter your registry's root key from a (potentially) different source.

From step 3, isnt that enough?

Can additionally point out DCT export

> 

Author: Would change it to  `If you did not do step 2, you may need to enter your registry's root key from a different source.` but would still claim that's enough for step 2 still being optional

### 3. Configure Connaisseur

Before you can finally set up Connaisseur, you will need to configure its connection to the notary server provided by Docker Hub (or your notary server of choice).

> At this point, Connaisseur only supports BasicAuth for connecting to the notary.

> Below is a list of commands to programmatically do the changes to the `value.yaml` file in the `helm` folder. The openssl command will take a password as input, so you won't be able to copy+paste past it. However, you can also do these changes manually if you want. They are comprised of setting the notary server, notary credentials and the root publiy key for verification. If you did not do step 2, you will need to enter your registry's root key from a (potentially) different source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of commands to programmatically do the changes to the `values.yaml` file in the `helm` folder. The openssl command will take a password as input, so you won't be able to copy+paste past it. However, you can also do these changes manually if you want. They are comprised of setting the notary server, notary credentials and the root publiy key for verification. If you did not do step 2, you will need to enter your registry's root key from a (potentially) different source.
```
I am not certain what you mean that I will not be able to 'copy paste past it'. Does that mean if I copy the full code and run it in my shell that it fails bc it does not wait for the pw for OpenSSL? If so, I would split it in 2 code sections to avoid confusion. Maybe mention afterwards that a `git diff` will help to understand the changes implemented at this point.

Author: > Does that mean if I copy the full code and run it in my shell that it fails bc it does not wait for the pw for OpenSSL?
yes
Can change it

`kubectl get all -n connaisseur` will show you most* of what you deployed (ConfigMaps, Secrets and MutatingWebhookConfiguration are not shown).

Try deploying the images you created in step 2. First try deploying the unsigned image:

```bash
kubectl create -f - << EOF
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: sample-deployment
  labels:
    app: sample
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: sample
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: sample
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: sample
        image: ${IMAGE_PATH}:unsigned
        imagePullPolicy: Always
        ports:
        - containerPort: 5000
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: sample
  labels:
    app: sample
spec:
  ports:
  - name: port
    port: 8080
    targetPort: 5000
  selector:
    app: sample
  type: LoadBalancer
EOF
```

You should see the deployment being rejected with an error similar to

```bash
service/sample created
Error from server: error when creating "STDIN": admission webhook "connaisseur-svc.connaisseur.svc" denied the request: could not find signed digest for image "docker.io/testingconny/testimage:unsigned" in trust data.
```

> > Note that the service was indeed created, because it does not reference an image and is thus not blocked by Connaisseur. You can clean it up by calling `kubectl delete service sample`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that while the container is blocked Kubernetes still creates the service, because it does not reference an image and is thus not denied by Connaisseur. You can clean it up by calling `kubectl delete service sample`.
```
otherwise it reads a bit like Conny is not working
